docs: added code review guide (#1397)
jina-ai/jina: .github/CODE_REVIEW_GUIDELINES.md

# Code Review Guidelines  

## PyGuide  

- [Google guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html)
- [Antipatterns](https://docs.quantifiedcode.com/python-anti-patterns/index.html)
- [Zen of python](https://zen-of-python.info/)
- [Code review for humans](https://phauer.com/2018/code-review-guidelines/)
- [Code review culture](https://www.giladpeleg.com/blog/better-code-review/)

## General PR process  

- The scope of PR should be simple, unique and well-defined. PR should not contain unrelated changes
- Approve PR only if you are sure about the scope
- Be respectful and reply asap
- Do not merge PR without approval
- Avoid spending too much time on trivial changes
- Avoid premature optimisation
- For community PR, check CLA by typing `recheckcla`
- Ask for jina env if needed by `jina -vf`
- Suggest changes and check back ASAP. Get PR merged soon
- For new features, suggest adding appropriate documentation

> - Don&#39;t forget to praise when PR is ready with something like LGTM

Reviewer: what's this weird character? some encoding problem?

Author: Nice catch; I converted the doc to markdown through an online converter which does this for `'`

## TLDR for pyguide  

- Variables names need to be informative. No k, v or x.
- Use standard import [order](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20762662/whats-the-correct-way-to-sort-python-import-x-and-from-x-import-y-statement)
- Define global variables in CAPS
- Use appropriate underscore for variable naming (leading, lagging, single, double)
- Add docstrings
- Add type hints
- Use codetags like [#TODO](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0350/#mnemonics) in code wherever needed
- Raise appropriate exceptions
- Don't rename functions & arguments exposed to the user unless necessary. Have appropriate depreciation strategy

## Jina specific  

- Use this to create random ports for servers

    `from jina.helper import random_port`

- You can keep function specific imports inside functions
- Jina ENV variables should start with **JINA_**

> - For type hints which require import, you can do like this

Reviewer 2: do **it** like this

```python
if False:
    from PIL import Image

def func(arr: 'Image'):
    from PIL import Image
    ...
```

## Adding tests  

- Add new unit & integration test if you add a new feature
- Use pytest tmpdir fixture for temporary directories
- Check test locally before pushing

> - If a `Flow()` needs to be built in the test and is not a test in the Flow module -> It belongs to integration test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a `Flow()` needs to be built in the test and it's not a test in the Flow module, the test belongs under `/tests/integration`.
```

## Core  

**Single Responsibility Principle (SRS)**  

> Do not place more than one responsibility into a single class or function, refactor into separate classes and functions.

Reviewer 2: Do not place more than one responsibility into a single class or function, Instead, refactor into separate classes and functions.

**Open Closed Principle**  

While adding new functionality, existing code should not be modified. New functionality should be written in new classes and functions.

**Liskov substitutability principle**  

The child class should not change the behavior (meaning) of the parent class. The child class can be used as a substitute for a base class.

**Interface segregation**  

> Do not create lengthy interfaces, instead split them into smaller interfaces based on the functionality. The interface should not contain any dependencies (parameters), which are not required for the expected functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not create lengthy interfaces. Instead split them into smaller interfaces based on the functionality. The interface should not contain any dependencies (parameters), which are not required for the expected functionality.
```

**Dependency Injection**  

> Do not hardcode the dependencies, instead inject them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not hardcode the dependencies; instead inject them.
```

- The scope of PR should be simple, unique and well-defined. PR should not contain unrelated changes
- Approve PR only if you are sure about the scope
- Be respectful and reply asap

> - Avoid spending time on trivial changes

Reviewer 3: Top much esa right; I think some minor style changes quickly add up

Author: Didn't get you

Reviewer 3: edited
